Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: e5ea8a35-e44d-4fb2-b722-9fc8fd7465c7
Review date: January 22, 2026
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 4.3(a) - Design - Spam


We noticed your app shares a similar binary, metadata, and/or concept as other apps you already submitted to the App Store, with only minor differences. 

Submitting similar or repackaged apps is a form of spam that creates clutter and makes it difficult for users to discover new apps.

Next Steps

Since we do not accept spam apps on the App Store, we encourage you to review your app concept and submit a unique app with distinct content and functionality. 

Resources

Some factors that contribute to a spam rejection may include:

- Submitting an app with the same source code or assets as other apps already submitted to the App Store
- Creating and submitting multiple similar apps using a repackaged app template 
- Purchasing an app template with problematic code from a third party 
- Submitting several similar apps across multiple accounts

Learn more about our requirements to prevent spam in App Review Guideline 4.3(a).


Guideline 2.5.1 - Performance - Software Requirements


The app uses the HealthKit or CareKit APIs but does not clearly identify the HealthKit and CareKit functionality in the app's user interface.

Apps using these APIs should be clearly indicated to provide transparency and valuable information to users. 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, it would appropriate to clearly identify the HealthKit and CareKit functionality in the app's user interface.

Note that Motion & Fitness Activity tracking through the Core Motion framework is not a part of the HealthKit framework. If the app only uses Core Motion framework functionality, it would be appropriate to remove references to the HealthKit framework from the binary.

Resources

Learn more about software requirements in guideline 2.5.1.

Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
